#summary Winspod II Wiki Homepage

= Introduction =

Welcome to the Winspod Wiki.

Winspod II is a C# based MUD server, written completely from scratch but with a command set loosely based on the Ew-too/PGPlus MUDs of old.


== History ==

After spending many years as a spod on MUDs such as Pern, Dominion, MBA4, Snowplains etc, the lack of any updates to the source code to take advantage of modern programming languages became a source of intrigue.

In 2000 the original Winspod code was born, written in VB6, and the command and feature set was created. Over the course of a year the code became mostly complete, but due to a lack of time the project stagnated and was never released to the public.

Many years on (2009), and with a renewed interest in the "old days", Winspod II crept into life, originally as just test socket server in C# for another project. Over the following months, Winspod II gained more and more functionality as time permitted, and today is about 75% complete against the original Winspod code.

== Current Status ==

As of the time of writing, Winspod II _works_ .. just about. It resides within a development environment at the moment, and needs many more hours work before it is even close to being stable enough for production. Much of the code needs re-factoring and tidying up, and some of the methods are far too cludgy for the authors liking, however like the proverbial phoenix, it is slowly but surely rising from the ashes!

=== Why? ===

There are those that have asked why this project is even alive, considering the plethora of social networking sites, chat rooms and instant messaging systems out there these days.

The honest answer? Purely for fun!

Yes, it might seem geeky and a little bit sad, however it is a project that I am having fun coding. I plan to get the system finished, but then life has a way of stopping the best laid plans. Will this ever be production ready? I don't know. Even if it does, would anyone be interested in using it? Another good question. Only time will tell I guess, but in the meantime I will continue to develop and improve the code as and when I can.

That said - if anyone is interested in this project in the slightest, please drop me a note and let me know. It would be great to find some other spods out there!